CHAPTER I - Down the Rabbit-Hole

Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having
nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had
no pictures or conversations in it, `and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice `without
pictures or conversation?'

So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel
very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the
trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
close by her.

CHAPTER II - The Pool of Tears

`Curiouser and curiouser!' cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that for the moment she
quite forgot how to speak good English); `now I'm opening out like the largest telescope that
ever was! Good-bye, feet!' (for when she looked down at her feet, they seemed to be almost out
of sight, they were getting so far off). `Oh, my poor little feet, I wonder who will put on
your shoes and stockings for you now, dears? I'm sure I shan't be able! I shall be a great
deal too far off to trouble myself about you: you must manage the best way you can; --but I
must be kind to them,' thought Alice, `or perhaps they won't walk the way I want to go! Let me
see: I'll give them a new pair of boots every Christmas.'

Alice stretched tall

And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it. `They must go by the carrier,'
she thought; `and how funny it'll seem, sending presents to one's own feet! And how odd the
directions will look!

		ALICE'S RIGHT FOOT, ESQ.
				HEARTHRUG,
						NEAR THE FENDER,
								(WITH ALICE'S LOVE).

Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!'

Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was now more than nine
feet high, and she at once took up the little golden key and hurried off to the garden door.

CHAPTER III - A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale

They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank--the birds with draggled
feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and
uncomfortable.

The first question of course was, how to get dry again: they had a consultation about this,
and after a few minutes it seemed quite natural to Alice to find herself talking familiarly
with them, as if she had …